compintell --> chalk-lab (#781)
JuliaDiff/DifferentiationInterface.jl: DifferentiationInterface/docs/src/explanation/backends.md

### Mooncake

> For `pullback`, preparation [builds the reverse rule](https://github.com/chalk-lab/Mooncake.jl?tab=readme-ov-file#how-it-works) of the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `pullback`, preparation [builds the reverse rule](https://chalk-lab.github.io/Mooncake.jl/stable/understanding_mooncake/rule_system/) of the function.
```
